[4947][ADD] purchase_stock_price_variance (#107)
qrtl/axls-custom: purchase_stock_price_variance/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module checks for variance between the receipt price and the product's
> standard price at the time of validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module checks the variance between the purchase price and the product's
standard price at the time of receipt picking validation and displays an error if the
variance exceeds a given threshold.
```
